okay guys this is it the swordfish 300m
ESC for both just gonna I just got them
in put it up take a look at the content
the DVD okay
quite heavy I thought was a box of light
board for us hmm
but it did does they complete waterproof
so that's pretty good for s2 15s lipo
Maxis 380 amps my board don't require
this much but I bought it anyway just to
make sure that it can handle anything I
throw at it
I might try to put it this thing in a
bigger board in the future well right
away let me see the switch and it
doesn't have a b ec so this one you have
to hook up the battery separately and
that's the one to go to your receiver
has eight gauge wires pretty thick quite
thick and is it an anti spark wire
and of course this cycle to the motor
and you got the water cooling line only
on one end so I guess it moved around
inside okay load instruction booklet
okay good they got the diagram easier to
see now one thing you can notice the
diagram says when you hook up dual
battery you gotta hook them up according
to this diagram not this one
and not like that most ESC you would
think each each wire goes to each
battery but now this one has to go to
both
so I'm got to solder these together
black and black red and red and then run
to the battery mmm I also ordered the
this little USB adapter so I can hook it
up to my computer it has the the three
prong receiver thing here hook it in
there's a little marking on top that
shows the color so you can line up the
plug correctly and then the other side
is a USB that you just do what's on one
hand alright put that in I'm gonna
download this app I'm gonna installed a
CD in there and do the programming one
other thing I don't like right off the
bat is how the wires comes out at the
bottom
how am I supposed to model this thing I
can't mount it flat now because the
wires at the bottom I got to raise it up
somehow or have tomorrow I would have to
mount it upside down like that
I should have made the wire to come out
the side that way it can lay down flat
so please swordfish you gotta make some
think about it when you design these
things common sense all right I'm not
installing a boat and we'll see how it
goes
I'll post a video later thank you